nrf_modem_lib: `_ON_INIT` and `_ON_SHUTDOWN` macros (#7283)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Removed dependency on the :ref:`lib_modem_jwt` library.
      The :ref:`lib_location` library now selects :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST_AUTOGEN_JWT` when using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST`.

> * Added:
> 
>   * :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` library:
> 
>     * Added :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_INIT` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem initialization.
>     * Added :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_SHUTDOWN` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem de-initialization.
> 
>   * :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:
> 
>     * Added :c:macro:`LTE_LC_ON_CFUN` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem functional mode changes using :c:func:`lte_lc_func_mode_set`.
> 
> * Deprecated:
> 
>   * :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` library:
> 
>     * :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait`, in favor of :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_INIT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` library:
    
    * Added :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_INIT` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem initialization.
    * Added :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_SHUTDOWN` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem de-initialization.
    * Removed :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait` function, in favor of :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_INIT`.
    
  * :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:

    * Added :c:macro:`LTE_LC_ON_CFUN` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem functional mode changes using :c:func:`lte_lc_func_mode_set`.
```
